# SRS 


## Introduction 
* Purpose: The purpose of this SRS is to provide the software specification as a tool of communication between the customer and the software designer team to give a best product and avoid ambiguity.
The main purpose is to publicize the general operation of the billing system that is aimed at the Kairos company.

* Scope: 
   * The name of the finish product it will be “Facturation system”. 
   * The system will be responsible for making quotes and invoices, these are the main tasks of the system.
   * In addition, the system will be able to make highs and lows of products as well as customers of the company.
   * The system will not be in charge of making transactions of any kind, mainly banking.
   * The invoices and quotes will be generated by the systems and will be presented to the final user in a PDF format.
   * Some additional feature of the system that is also important that the system shows the respective gains to the term that the user wants.

* Definitions, acronyms, and abbreviations

  * DB.- Data Bases
  * UML.- Unified Modeling language 
  * SAT.- Servicio de Administración Tributaria 
  * Iva.- Impuesto al valor agregado
  * Stakeholder .- Any person with an interest in the project.
* References
....

* Overview 
  * Section 1.- Focused on the explanation, objectives, goals and description of the document.
  * Section 2.- General description of the system with information oriented to the client or end user.
  * Section 3.- Specific requirements and specific terms for the development team.
  * Section 4.- Appendices.

## Overall description

* Product perspective 
  * The final product consists of a billing system, which will be responsible for making quotations and once approved they can be invoiced. Taking into account that you can also make high losses and changes of products, but mainly of customers and suppliers because the company does not have physical inventory so the inventory of products is not the most important.

* Product functions 
  * Generation of quotes
  * Generation of invoices
  * High losses and customer modifications
  * High losses and modifications of suppliers and products
  * Sales inquiry by invoice
  * Generation of users / employees
  * Profit consultation

* User characteristics 

User | Description
-----| -------------
Owner | The owner can create the users for the employees, as well as view the sales reports of each employee. In addition, the       | owner can make the high losses and changes of suppliers, customers and products.
Employee | The employee will have access to create quotes and invoices.


* Constraints 
  * The system requires a server with the system running.
  * El sistema requiere un servidor con el sistema se ejecuta.
  
* Assumptions and dependencies
  * The server need to be always running
  * Specific changes provided by Hacienda or SAT need to be realized by the developer
  * The system it does not work until the Sat modification is made
  * The owner needs approve the the invoices before they are made


## Specific requirements 
In this section we have more detailed information about the specific requirements of the system
develop.
The interface must be simple and with few elements to show, so that you can navigate quickly through it.
It should not contain too many colors.


* Interface

  * First screen
    * The first screen should show a welcome message and with its fields to login.
    * The window will have a small size of 500 x 500 pixels.

  * Principal screen 
    * The principal screen will have a size that occupy the full window.
    * Must have a menu at the top that shows the following characteristics and functions: 
   
      * Invoice
        * Invoice a previous quote
        * Check invoice issued
        * Cancel invoice
        * See all invoices (Owner only)
    
      * Quotation
        * Generate new quote
        * Search quote by number
      
      * Modify (New, Delete, edit)
        * Client
        * Provider
        * Product

  * Administrator screen
    * This screen should available only for the system administrator(Owner) so in this screen the administrator can: 
      * Add a new user
      * Change privileges for each user
      * Delete user
      * See user movements
      * Check quotes and invoices issued by each user
      
* Requirements

  * Functional requirements by users
    * Owner (administrator)
      * 
    










